DOC-2578: Pressing `Shift + Enter` in the comment textarea now selects the highlighted user. (#3522)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7.6.0-release-notes.adoc

The following premium plugin updates were released alongside {productname} {release-version}.

=== Comments

> The {productname} {release-version} release includes an accompanying release of the **<Premium plugin name 1>** premium plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {productname} {release-version} release includes an accompanying release of the **Comments** premium plugin.
```

[[improvements]]
== Improvements

{productname} {release-version} also includes the following improvements:

=== Pressing Shift+Enter in Mentions in Comments dropdown should accept the active menu item
// #TINY-11455

> In previous versions of TinyMCE, the `Shift+Enter` key was not properly handled when used with mentions in comments. This led to a new line being inserted while the mentions dropdown remained open, resulting in inconsistent behavior compared to mentions within the editor.
> 
> In TinyMCE 7.6.0, mentions in comments now handle the `Shift+Enter` key by inserting the highlighted user into the comment text area and closing the dropdown, ensuring consistent functionality across the editor and comment areas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In previous versions of {productname}, the `Shift+Enter` key was not properly handled when used with mentions in comments. This caused a new line to be inserted while the mentions dropdown remained open, leading to inconsistent behavior compared to mentions within the editor.

In {productname} {release-version}, mentions in comments now handle the `Shift+Enter` key correctly by inserting the highlighted user into the comment text area and closing the dropdown. This ensures consistent functionality across the editor and comment areas.
```

Reviewer: Feedback: when referring to TinyMCE replace each instance with `{productname}`, and the same for the current `{release-version}`.

> In {productname} {release-version}, mentions in comments now handle the `Shift+Enter` key correctly by inserting the highlighted user into the comment text area and closing the dropdown. This ensures consistent functionality across the editor and comment areas.

Reviewer: This needs to be moved under `Accompanying Premium plugin changes` for Comments plugin.

```
=== Comments

The {productname} {release-version} release includes an accompanying release of the **Comments** premium plugin.

**Comments** Premium plugin includes the following additions and improvement.

==== Title
// #TINY-xxxx

<Insert Here>

For information on the **Comments** plugin, see: xref:introduction-to-tiny-comments.adoc[Introduction to {companyname} Comments].

```

Author: @FarzadHayat Noted, so I will wait until your section is merged first, and then I will push my changes.
